SaltStack docs (#51)
DataDog/datadog-formula: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Keep it small, focused

Avoid changing too many things at once. For instance if you're fixing a recipe and at the same time adding some code refactor, it makes reviewing harder and the _time-to-release_ longer.

### Commit messages

Please don't be this person: `git commit -m "Fixed stuff"`. Take a moment to write meaningful commit messages.

The commit message should describe the reason for the change and give extra details that allows someone later on to understand in 5 seconds the thing you've been working on for a day.

### Squash your commits

Rebase your changes on `master` and squash your commits whenever possible. This keeps history cleaner and easier to revert things. It also makes developers happier!

## Development

To ease the development of this formula, use Docker and Docker Compose with the compose file in `test/docker-compose.yaml`.

First, build and run a Docker container to create a masterless SaltStack minion. You have the option of choosing either

> a Debian or Redhat-based minion. Then, get a shell running in the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Debian or Red Hat-based minion. Then, get a shell running in the container.
```
